KVM support out of the box, plus a refreshed README (#56)
DeterminateSystems/nix-installer-action: README.md

# The Determinate Nix Installer Action

Based on the [Determinate Nix Installer](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-installer), responsible for over tens of thousands of Nix installs daily.
The fast, friendly, and reliable GitHub Action to install Nix with Flakes.

## Supports

> * ✅ **Accelerated KVM** on open source projects and larger runners. See [GitHub's announcement](https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-23-hardware-accelerated-androidvirtualization-on-actions-windows-and-linux-larger-hosted-runners) for more info.

Author: ```suggestion
* ✅ **Accelerated KVM** on open source projects and larger runners. See [GitHub's announcement](https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-23-hardware-accelerated-android-virtualization-on-actions-windows-and-linux-larger-hosted-runners/) for more info.
```

jobs:
  lints:
    name: Build
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    permissions:
      id-token: "write"
      contents: "read"
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - uses: DeterminateSystems/nix-installer-action@main
        with:
          flakehub: true
      - run: nix build .
```

See [`.github/workflows/ci.yml`](.github/workflows/ci.yml) for a full example.

### Advanced Usage

> * If KVM is available, the installer exports the `DETERMINATE_NIX_KVM` environment variable set to 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If KVM is available, the installer sets up KVM so that Nix can detect it, and exports the `DETERMINATE_NIX_KVM` environment variable set to 1.
```
